Drop support for EOL Python 2.7 (#289)
testing-cabal/testtools: doc/overview.rst

1.9.0.

If you wish to use testtools with Python 3.3 or 3.4, then please use testtools 2.3.0.

> TODO If you wish to use testtools with Python 2.7, then please use testtools TBA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use testtools with Python 2.7, then please use testtools 2.4.0.
```
